Android Jetpack component 
Lazy 
What is your biggest problem 



Oops concept, Kotlin coroutines, heap memory, java basics
lifecycle, service, broadcast, app publishing, room, MVVM, Android architecture, Map tracking
what is service,activity, broadcast receiver, life cycle of activity and fragment.
Oops Concept, Kotlin, Activity Life cycle, Mvvm Pattern
Questions were stick to basics only.
-Android components
-oops concept
-Threading
-activity lifecycle
-Fragment lifecycle
-Singleton
- Other Design Patterns
- Jetpack components
- Dagger 2
- Coroutine
- val vs var
- Adbstact class vs interface
- Pipelining
QS were started with basic JAVA
OOPs concept with example.
Collection questions like vector or Hashmap.?
What is threading , how to create it.
Then I android basic questions like :
Fragment life cycle .
Communication b/w fragments
Diff. B/w service and intent Service. On which thread it works?
Push Notifications process , what is Notification channel?
Storage process you follow ?
Jet pack components- Navigation, Data binding concepts (cross questions).
Then Kotlin questions:
Diff b/w Var & Val ?
Scope functions ?
What is coroutines how it works?
Inline functions ?
Lamba expression ?
What is enum ? what is Singleton class how to create it in Kotlin ?
Prepare above questions well.
This might help you more . Just be confident and take your time before answer.
1) MVVM
2) Core Java OOPS Concepts
3) abstraction vs interface
4) Agile Methodology
Technical round questions
1)How much would you rate yourself as Android developer out of 10?
2)What are Android components ?
3)Write down code to store data in shared preference?
4)What are the ways to store data locally in Android app?
5)Difference between shared preference and Sqlite database? when will you use SQLite and when Shared preferences?
6)Activity life cycle?
7)What is difference between activity and fragment ?
8)What are services ? Types of services?
9)Difference between those services?
10)Explain MVVM architecture?
11)What are the difficulties you faced during app development?
12)Tell me about yourself?
13)What do you know about material design?
14)How did you handle the requirement of supporting different screen sizes?
15)What have you done to achieve security in your app?
16)What are broadcast receivers ?
17)Integrating push notifications in Android app explain the steps
Write the code to set title, icon, sound of notifications?
18)How did you integrate the Facebook SDK in Android app?
19)Difference between Volley and retrofit library? Which one would you prefer?
20)How will you use Httpclient to make server requests?
21)What are other ways than using 3rd party libraries for network calls?

Managerial round questions

1) What is the size of team you have worked with?
2) How would you plan to complete a task in 7 days which requires 10 days?
3) What have been your role in your team?
4) Which development approach you used?
5) Why did you leave your company?
6) How would you plan a project?
7) How many projects have you worked on?

Access specifier public, private, protected, default